{
"publication_number": "US-2014326193-A1", 
"abstract": "the invention provides a method and system for cleaning pet paws providing a bounded container containing a plurality of soft scrub brushes defining a paw cleaning region within an outer container wall wherein cleaning solution can flow freely within the container between a paw - for - cleaning , the container wall , and the brushes while allowing space for sediment . a spill resistant lid allows easy transport . an optional splash resistant lid containing a further brush boundary enables an enhanced side leg cleaning . the proposed method and system enables an enhanced deep cleaning through repeated submersion within the container and removable of debris . the system aids in prevention of infection and disease .", 
"application_number": "US-201414268255-A", 
"description": "reference will now be made in detail to embodiments of the invention . wherever possible , same or similar reference numerals are used in the drawings and the description to refer to the same or like parts or steps . the drawings are in simplified form and are not to precise scale . the word \u2018 couple \u2019 and similar terms do not necessarily denote direct and immediate connections , but also include connections through intermediate elements or devices . for purposes of convenience and clarity only , directional ( up / down , etc .) or motional ( forward / back , etc .) terms may be used with respect to the drawings . these and similar directional terms should not be construed to limit the scope in any manner . it will also be understood that other embodiments may be utilized without departing from the scope of the present invention , and that the detailed description is not to be taken in a limiting sense , and that elements may be differently positioned , or otherwise noted as in the appended claims without requirements of the written description being required thereto . various operations may be described as multiple discrete operations in turn , in a manner that may be helpful in understanding embodiments of the present invention ; however , the order of description should not be construed to imply that these operations are order dependent . referring now to fig1 a and 1b , a proposed cleaning system 1 is provided with a container 2 for retaining , and optionally removably retaining one or more brushes 8 relative to an animal limb 5 ( a paw is shown ) to be cleaned . container 2 includes threads 7 about an outer upper surface thereof for removable engagement with a cleaning cover 3 , or a sealing lid or cover 4 , as will be discussed . during a use , limb 5 is thrust within container 2 and agitated with bristles 8 b of brushes 8 for removal of debris and detritus . additional solutions may be added , including water , detergent , and other types , without departing from the scope and sprit of the present invention . additionally referring now to fig2 and 3 , wherein system 1 is provided with a threadably secured cleaning cover 3 having a cleaning opening 3 a for receiving limb 5 therein . as shown in fig2 and 3 , the inner surface of cleaning opening 3 a additionally contains a brush element 8 with bristles 8 b facing inwardly . additionally , in fig3 , sealing lid 4 is provided having an interior threading section 7 ( as shown ) which may threadably engage an additional outer threaded section on the outer surface of cleaning lid 3 , see fig3 for this version . as will be appreciated in fig3 , an entire system 1 may be modified to have , in combination container 2 , cleaning lid 3 , and sealing lid 4 , or ( as shown in fig2 ) system 1 may including container 2 and cleaning lid 3 , without a cover . in either case , cleaning cover 3 may be readily modified to have threads 7 , on an inner or outer surface , or both , without departing from the scope and spirit of the present invention . additionally , it will be noted that threads 7 may be replaced with sealing tabs ( not shown ) sealing frictio - rings ( like a sealing lid ), or any other type of engagement system to secure cover 3 or lid 4 to container 2 , without departing from the scope and spirit of the present invention . additionally referring now to fig4 and 4a , wherein a cross section and top - section view are provided of a system 1 , engaged and containing solution 6 , which may be any suitable fluid component , or combination of components for washing , sterilizing , etc . and may contain antimicrobial , antibiotic , anti - fungal , or other curative and assistive components , and solutions within the scope of the present invention . for example , medical treatment components may be added to solution 6 . as will be appreciated each brush 8 contains a brush base sa that spaces the respective brush 8 , having bristles 8 b from the outer container 2 . base 8 a contains flow openings 8 c both on a side leg region and a base region supporting bristles 8 b . it will therefore be recognized by those of skill in the art having studied the present invention , that solution 6 may flow readily between bristles 8 b , base 8 a , flow holes 8 c and brush 8 during a use , and may slosh throughout system 1 to aid in treating , cleaning , rinsing , or contacting an animal limb 5 during a use . see for example the flow arrows noted in fig4 and 4a . it will also be understood , that solution 6 may be of any level in system 1 . it will also be understood that any debris or detritus removed from an animal limb 5 during use , may remain within container 2 post - use , so as to allow for easy removal and rinsing - out by removal of cleaning cover 3 . it will additionally be understood , that the proposed system 1 may function suitably without a cleaning cover 3 ( as is shown in fig1 a , 1 b . for example , where an especially large animal limb 5 is used , cover 3 may be unduly restricting , and may be removed . referring now to fig5 and 6 , it will be noted that instead of a roundish , brush 8 ( central brush 8 shown in fig2 - 4a , several component member brushes 8 may be used for similar effects without departing from the scope and spirit of the present invention . for example , as seen in fig5 , four brushes 8 may be arranged ( one on the bottom and three in triangle form ). for another example , as seen in fig6 , six brushes 8 may be arranged ( one on the bottom and five in pentagon form ). in the examples in fig5 and 6 , it will be understood , that a plurality of brushes 8 , or a continuous brush 8 , may be used without departing from the scope and spirit of the present invention . in an alternative embodiment regarding fig2 and 3 , it will be understood that side and bottom brushes 8 maybe formed as a single integral unit , that is slidably removable from within container 2 without departing from the scope and spirit of the present invention . for example , a unitary replacement brush unit ( not shown ) may be slidable removable in and out of container 2 within the scope of the present invention . additionally , a further example would involve a brush - carrier unit ( not shown ), wherein a plurality individual brushes 8 ( linear , arc shaped or otherwise ) may be removably retained in a brush - carrier unit ( not shown ) that is slid within container 2 for holding replacement brushes . in one aspect of the present invention , surgical scrub brushes are employed in the container and cleaning lid derived from scrub care \u00ae which is a surgical scrub brush - sponge / nail cleaning mixed with exidine \u00ae 4 a type of germicidal solution ; allegiance heathcare corporation , mcgaw park , ill . 60085 us , ( ndc 63517 - 007 - 25 ). in this use , the surgical brushes are constructed from a suitable plastic ( polyethylene ( pe ), high density pe ( hdpe ), medium density pe ( mdpe ), low density pe ( ldpe ), or any other type of plastic suitable for the purposes intended . additionally , the brushes are not limited to plastic , but may be constructed from suitable natural materials , including but not limited to , fibers , hair , bristles , and any other type of natural brush - like fiber that would be suitable for the purposes intended . additionally , a brush may be constructed from a combination of materials without departing from the scope and spirit of the present invention . for example , a brush backing may be of plastic and bristles may be boar - hair or other natural material , and vice - versa . it is another alternative aspect of the present invention , that a the brush construction / bristle construction shown within the container may be formed in alternative shapes without departing from the scope and spirit of the present invention . for example , a continuous bounding surface of bristles may be provided ( e . g ., a circular bristle surface ), or any other related shape . additionally , a brush may be removed from a floor / bottom surface of the container as a modification thereof . additionally , a brush - holding cradle may be inserted into the container , so that the brush - holding cradle may be removed from the container ( the brushes not being fixed to the container wall , but fixed to a brush - holding cradle ( noted but not shown ). as a result , it will be apparent to those of skill in the art having studied the present disclosure that the method and system may be modified without departing from the scope and spirit of the present invention . it will also be understood , that as used herein the device may be used with any cleaning solution , soap , detergent , germicidal or antiseptic for dispersion or surface scrubbing known within the surgical or veterinarian arts without departing from the scope and spirit of the present invention . it will be understood that the present invention relates to a method and system for cleaning pet paws or other animal appendages including feet , hooves , and limbs . it will be understood that a dog - paw may be conveniently used , but also conveniently a sheep hoof may be cleaned , or a rabbit foot \u2014 all with differing shapes and needs for cleaning , but all ready cleaned by adaptive us of the present device . therefore , it will be recognized by one of skill in the art having studied the present disclosure , that the present device using a plurality of flow - through type brushes may be easily used to clean a range of animals . for example , cleaning sheep hooves for serious medical treatment or disease prevention or cleaning a pet - dog foot following a simple walk during a winter or muddy day . more particularly , the present invention provides a method and system for cleaning pet appendages that is readily transported and stored between uses , readily adapts to specific uses , and environments proximate that treatment surface is not limited . having described at least one of the preferred embodiments of the present invention with reference to the accompanying drawings , it will be apparent to those skills that the invention is not limited to those precise embodiments , and that various modifications and variations can be made in the presently disclosed system without departing from the scope or spirit of the invention . thus , it is intended that the present disclosure cover modifications and variations of this disclosure provided they come within the scope of the appended claims and their equivalents ."
}
